You little rascals
What's wrong with us picking up trash?
The money earned is clean
Why did you steal my Xiaoyu's cake?
And bully her like that?
Bully her
Bullying her still needs
In the same school as poor people like you
It's just bringing the school down
Brother Chen, this is the cake I made for you with my own hands.
Do you like it? Grandma usually saves money
This cake must have cost him a lot of money
Ah, Xu Yangchen, so what if you are Xu Li's son?
This is not a reason to answer someone else's birthday cake
Hey, my son, you are tired of living
You Li Ming are your son
Is it important to bully my family Xiaoyue?
Rubbish at the bottom of society like you
My son spends his time bullying you
It's all your pleasure.
Which hand did this little bastard hit my son with just now?
Maim me, yeah